Grandpa Shen, if you know what happened today
Will blame us
Shen Yu found me
He told me that Shen Tinglan
When I first arrived in Yuncheng
He took a fancy to the commercial value of Xu's Group
Dark incense operation
Forced Xu into bankruptcy
And fake smiles to hide people's eyes and ears
My parents took out loan sharks
Eventually force them to jump off the building themselves
Su Wei has been guarding Shen Tinglan for more than half a year
Everything you did to me
Really just out of guilt
Grandpa Shen
Doctor doctor
Doctor, the current situation
Is Grandpa Shen ready?
It is entirely up to the old man's own will to wake up
Have a good rest.
child
Listen to Lan, listen to Lan
Grandpa
Shen Yun took the confidential documents of Huanyu Group
What was Shen Tinglan taken away?
Ouch, I helped Shen Yu steal the file